110# NETFLIX_USERBASE
In this project i have worked on data exploration with a  Netflix_Userbase Dataset which was available on kaggle. I have tried to bring valueable insights from data set using SQL. In this project i have tried using basic and intermediate SQL Queries like GROUP BY, ORDER BY and aliasing and aggregate functions like SUM, COUNT.
Questions which were answered in the analysis include;

# 1. WHAT TYPE OF SUBSCRIPTION MOST USERS ARE USING?
    MOST PEOPLE ARE USING BASIC SUBSCRIPTION COUNTING UPTO 999

 # 2. WHAT SUSBCRIPTION_TYPE GIVES MOST REVENUE?
    MOST REVENUE IS GENERATED FROM BASIC SUBSCRIPTION 

  # 3. WHICH COUNTRY IS MOSTLY USING NETFLIX AND NO. OF SUBSCRIPTION?
     NETFLIX IS MAJORLY USED BY ITALY AND THEIR SUBSCRIPTION QUANTITY IS 183

  # 4. HOW MANY MALES LESS THAN 30 ARE USING NETFLIX
       THERE WERE TOTAL OF 164 MALES USING USING NETFLIX BELOW AGE 30

  # 5. HOW MANY FEMALES OVER 35 ARE USING NETFLIX?
       THERE WERE TOTAL OF 809 FEMALES USING USING NETFLIX BELOW AGE 35

  # 6. HOW MANY MALES USES PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTIONS?
        THERE WERE TOTAL OF 369 MALES USING USING PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION

   # 7. NO. OF BASIC SUBSRIPTION BY EACH COUNTRY?
          United States = 199
          Italy = 176
          Germany = 149
          Brazil = 146
          Canada = 145
          Spain = 110
          France = 36
          Australia = 31
          Mexico = 4
          United Kingdom = 3

  # 8. HOW MANY SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE GOING TO BE ENDED BY THE END OF JULY?
        TOTAL OF 1767 SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE GOING TO BE ENDED BY THE END OF JULY

  # 9. REVENUE GENERATED BY EACH SUBSCRIPTION
         Basic = 12469
         Premium = 9229
         Standard = 9573

   # 10. LOWEST REVENUE COUNTRY AND ITS REVENUE
         Mexico = 2237





















  
